Docs: added documentation on how to configure storage retention (#2970)
grafana/mimir: docs/sources/operators-guide/architecture/components/compactor/index.md

The soft delete mechanism gives time to queriers, rulers, and store-gateways to discover the new compacted blocks before the original blocks are deleted. If those original blocks were immediately hard deleted, some queries involving the compacted blocks could temporarily fail or return partial results.

## Blocks retention

> The compactor is responsible to enforce the storage retention, deleting from the long-term storage the blocks containing samples older than the configured retention period.
> The storage retention is disabled by default, and no data will be deleted from the long-term storage unless you explicitly configure the retention period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compactor is responsible for enforcing the storage retention, deleting the blocks that contain samples that are older than the configured retention period from the long-term storage.
The storage retention is disabled by default, and no data will be deleted from the long-term storage unless you explicitly configure the retention period.
```

> Refer to [configure metrics storage retention]({{< relref "../../../configure/configure-metrics-storage-retention.md" >}}) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [Configure metrics storage retention]({{< relref "../../../configure/configure-metrics-storage-retention.md" >}}).
```
